TranslateOMatic is a program for translating application strings. It
displays the English strings and lets you edit your translations for each
string.

The program reads the properties found in DataVision.jar and, on exit,
creates new files in the same directory as that jar file. If you start up
TranslateOMatic again, it will read your strings from the new files
(instead of the older version in DataVision.jar). Those files are what you
can send to me (preferably within a .zip or .tar.gz file). You can create
new tranlsations, too.

Use the script bin/translate.sh or bin\translate.bat to launch
TranslateOMatic. You need to specify your language and country codes on the
command line. For example,

    bin/translate.sh es MX

You don't have to explicitly save your work; the strings are automatically
saved when you exit TranslateOMatic. They are not saved directly into
DataVision.jar, but into three separate, new .properties files.

Try the default character encoding (ISO-8859-1) first. Run TranslateOMatic
and quit, letting it save your strings to the files. Run TranslateOMatic
again and look at your strings. If they do not look right, you can specify
an encoding on the command line, like this:

    translate.sh es MX UTF-8

Possible values are US_ASCII, ISO-8859-1 (the default), UTF-8, UTF-16BE,
UTF-16LE, or UTF-16.

Another script (bin/translation_to_jar.sh or bin\translation_to_jar.bat)
puts the new properties files back into DataVision.jar. That is not
necessary if you are just translating, but is useful if you want to run
DataVision and see the strings you have translated.

I plan to make a few improvements to TranslateOMatic. For example, it
lets you edit strings in the menu file that should not be translated (the
"action" and "radio_group" strings, for example).
